[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart how are you I hope I'm doing
great and having a great day
this time I have some
love news among so many that we're having
this Christmas you know that
24 hours ago the bomb exploded of the
new relationship that
Barbara Rey has with the very same Moustache
Arrocet and then today other
relationships have come out such as for example the
supposed reconciliation of Iker
Casilla with Sara Carbonero
and the one caught robbed that is I don't
believe it I have to say not of Alba
Carrillo with him with him with Canal y
Riberas no me the one with Canals Rivera now
the Carrillos I don't believe it but with
montage because that caught under we
saw this morning you can see it here on
the channel that we uploaded the news
those photographs there are also poets and
so on she left these two I don't believe it
but the one who does seem to have found
a new love is David
Valdeperas himself the director of Sálvame Bueno
and of several programs on La Fábrica de
la Tele such as for example well the
special  this one from Rocío Jurado and others you
know no Valdeperas would have found
love with a reporter from
the Ana Rosa show Miquel Valls I hope I hope
I pronounced it well
okay Miquel Valls
also he is 12 years older because I know that
Val is 36 and David Valdez Pere is
48 and he would be very excited apparently he
was caught in a photograph that they
published today in the magazines
Semanas and they would be quite happy so well
great to end the year
in love well look let's start next year on the
right foot today on the
Ana Rosa show
Patricia Pardo herself would have left her a
little bit by little there short and I don't
because he has said the show a
commitment and she said without
hesitation
Mikel today I see you different you are in
love like that with this hint this yields
that we like so much because
you today I am a toothpick is I am a toothpick
because when we are on live shows you do not
stop saying evil let me
any day you look for me a roll
direct
what you like you are in love and the
journalist went out with peteneras  as I say,
no journalists have started to decide
today there is a failure in the connection and he
heard us well there is a failure from now on
between laughs this seems to be that it is
half confirmed and half
real no what do you think of this new
love of Valdepero you already know that in
September of last year he broke up with his
previous partner me to Viqueira I hope I have
pronounced it well and well
everyone has the right to rebuild their
life to fall in love and whatever no
family I will be reading your
comments box remind you that we are
broadcasting 24 hours a day on tweets a
special program so that you have content and
we are bored during these holidays a huge hug
[Music]